Add rules for jdev (#1290)
xsf/xmpp.org: content/community/operators-rules.md

### I want to discuss something that is considered off-topic in this channel, where can I go?

> To discuss software development related to XMPP, there exists the [XMPP Developers channel](jdev-rules.md) at [jdev@muc.xmpp.org](xmpp:jdev@muc.xmpp.org?join). Discussion of XMPP Extension Proposals as well as the XMPP standard itself and matters concerning the XMPP Standards Foundation takes place in [xsf@muc.xmpp.org](xmpp:xsf@muc.xmpp.org?join).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To discuss software development related to XMPP, there exists the [XMPP Developers channel](/community/channels/jdev) at [jdev@muc.xmpp.org](xmpp:jdev@muc.xmpp.org?join). Discussion of XMPP Extension Proposals as well as the XMPP standard itself and matters concerning the XMPP Standards Foundation takes place in [xsf@muc.xmpp.org](xmpp:xsf@muc.xmpp.org?join).
```
